Song
Don’t Hide
Lyric
Don’t hide, don’t hide your heart from me tonight Ooh-yeah
I can hear the rhythm of your pulse inside Can you feel it?
I’ve been waiting centuries to make you mine Forever
Don’t hide, don’t hide, step into the pale moonlight Let’s go!
We can live forever, leave the world behind Yeah-yeah
Just you and me, eternity, the stars align
Don’t hide, don’t hide Don’t hide, I’m coming for your love tonight!
The sun goes down, the shadows start to dance Ooh
I wake up craving for a second chance Yeah
I see you standing there, a vision in the dark Aah
You got that fire, baby, lighting up my spark
I walk the night alone, a king without a queen
But you’re the distinct beauty that I’ve ever seen Mmm
Don’t be afraid of what you see inside my eyes
It’s just a love that never fades, never dies No, no
I feel your body trembling, are you cold? Are you cold?
Or is it just the story that remains untold? Mmm
One look, one touch, is all I really need Yeah
To plant the seed, to make you finally believe
Oh-whoa The clock is stopping, time is freezing, girl
Oh-whoa Let me take you to my secret world
Don’t hide, don’t hide your heart from me tonight Ooh-yeah
I can hear the rhythm of your pulse inside I hear it beating
I’ve been waiting centuries to make you mine Mine, mine
Don’t hide, don’t hide, step into the pale moonlight Come here
We can live forever, leave the world behind Oh-love
Just you and me, eternity, the stars align
Don’t hide, don’t hide Don’t hide, I’m coming for your love tonight!
They call me dangerous, a shadow on the wall Shh
But I would catch you, baby, if you ever fall I got you
My love is immortal, it flows inside my veins
I’ll wash away your sorrow, wash away your pains Yeah
I want to taste the moment, keep it on my lips Mmm-soft
I want to feel the magic in your fingertips
No mirrors can reflect the way I feel for you
My loyalty is endless, baby, tried and true So true
I know you feel the hunger rising in the air Feel it
A passionate devotion that is rare So rare
I lock the door, we leave the mortal life outside
Nowhere to run, my darling, nowhere left to hide No hiding
I am the night, you are the day that breaks the spell
But in my arms is where you’re always meant to dwell Mmm-right
I feel your body trembling, are you cold? Oh-baby
Or is it just the story that remains untold? Yeah
One look, one touch, is all I really need Need it
To plant the seed, to make you finally believe
Oh-whoa The clock is stopping, time is freezing, girl
Oh-whoa Let me take you to my secret world
Don’t hide, don’t hide your heart from me tonight Don’t hide it
I can hear the rhythm of your pulse inside Boom, boom
I’ve been waiting centuries to make you mine You’re mine
Don’t hide, don’t hide, step into the pale moonlight Yeah-yeah
We can live forever, leave the world behind Leave it all
Just you and me, eternity, the stars align
Don’t hide, don’t hide Don’t hide, I’m coming for your love tonight!
Listen close, let me tell you who I am Listen
I’m not just a myth, I’m not just a man No
I’m Sayed, the Dark Prince holding out his hand It’s me
I’m Sayed, ruling over all the shadowed land Yeah
I’m Sayed, promising a love that has no end Endless
So let your neck tilt back and let the night descend Mmm
Trust in me, surrender to the feeling deep
I am the promise that you always get to keep
Mmm… Aah…
Close your eyes Close them tight
Let the darkness feel like light Feel the light
One bite of love Ooh-sweet
Is all it takes to rise above Rise above
Dracula’s devotion, ocean deep So deep
I’m yours to keep, I’m yours to keep Forever
Don’t hide, don’t hide your heart from me tonight Whoa-oh
I can hear the rhythm of your pulse inside I feel you
I’ve been waiting centuries to make you mine So long
Don’t hide, don’t hide, step into the pale moonlight Pale moonlight
We can live forever, leave the world behind Yeah-baby
Just you and me, eternity, the stars align
Don’t hide, don’t hide Don’t hide, I’m coming for your love tonight!
I’m coming for you Yeah
Sayed is waiting Mmm
Don’t hide No, no
The night is ours Ours
Forever Ooh-la-la
Eternal Mmm-soft
Just one touch One touch
Don’t hide… Shh